Upgrade mutilation.
What happened?
How?
Of course you regenerate.
What was that?
What in the world was that?
What?
How dare you, you human.
You filthy...
Boys, get him.
Get him.
What?
I was born to be the absolute strongest being.
I devour all, growing more powerful with each enemy I consume.
I am supposed to be king.
I am supposed to...
Run away.
I must run away.
I am supposed to be king.
I am supposed to...
Get as far as possible!
− dirty snças
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry and escape!
I'm running scared.
Can't say I blame them.
Did we just win?
Hunter Sung!
Her aura's fading. We don't have much time.
We have to get her to a doctor.
There should be a recovery helicopter right outside.
If we go now...
No! She won't last that long.
So we stay?
Thought your potions were useless on her.
I haven't tried this one.
The elixir of life even cured Mom's eternal sleep.
This is... this is our last hope.
No. No.
Did it not work?
I can't leave the island fast enough.
I can't use potions.
I can't use shadow exchange because of the cooldown time.
So what? What? What the hell can I do?
Good vaiu!
Did you hear that?
Nice job!
The Last Earth, Dragon
The unholy Mar millimeters
High value
R-rate
VAR
1.8%
Bad face, bad situation
Bad mood, bad feeling
I can't get enough, no night
Kiss me there
Sorry, sorry, you guys are leaving me
It's about time to get to the top
Goodbye my weakness, why am I wrong?
The length of the world and I could lie
Looking from the heart, recounting the wounds
Hello my friend, this white sun burns
Is you the risk, you're so sick of your
Give me up, I'm all alone now
Say goodbye